{In this study, you will see two
types of pictures. One is a
complex scene. Um, hold on one
second. Yuki. I'm sorry. There's
a screen that came up that said
this meeting is being recorded
by the host of participants. Got
it. OK, never mind. OK. All
right. We're good. We're good.
OK, good.}
{So we have two types of
visuals. One type is complex
scenes.}
{Whenever you see a complex
scene, imagine you're describing
the scene as someone who cannot
see the picture. Describe what
is happening and what you see in
this scene in as many details as
possible. Try to take roughly 3
to 5 minutes to describe it. I
will keep track of the time.}
{Be ready. Yes, go ahead. OK. So
ohh wait. Sorry. No, no, it's
alright. You're good. OK.}
{Let me fix this real quick. OK.
I think I lost a slide there, so
stop share. Yeah, I saw it for a
second. Yeah, OK.}
{Just going to put it in real
quick. OK, take your time. Now
pause the recording so that not
run.}
{So this is the first item. It
is a complex scene. Again,
please describe it.}
{This describe what you see and
what is happening in as many
details as you can.}
{And whenever you're ready, you
can go ahead, OK?}
#START_birthday_party_fun It
looks like a large birthday
party.
It looks like a kids party.
There is clowns there's.
Lots of food.
There's a castle, there's people
dressed up in costumes, there's
a woman, older woman, looking
over the fence.
Yeah, there's a pinata.
There's a there's a swimming
pool, football players.
{How specific you want to get
real specific or just the
general?}
{Try to describe as many things
as you can, so more specific is
good OK.}
Birthday cakes.
Festive atmosphere, um.
There's a few witches people
dressed up in costumes.
Animals. Robots.
Knight in shining armor
policeman.
A Penguin.
An Elvis look alike.
Yeah, Halloween costumes.
Lots of presents.
Lot of costumes, animal
costumes, elephants, alligators,
lions, zebras.
A dog dogs dinosaur.
Hmm.
#END_birthday_party_fun
Balloons.
Umm.
{Yeah, that's. I mean, I yeah,
it's just like going over stuff
now. OK. Yeah, that makes sense.
OK.} Pig. I see a pig. Yeah.
{OK. Yeah. Thank you. So it
might be helpful to look at one
area, small area of the picture
next time if you see a complex
scene.}
{Yeah, it don't. You don't have
to go to all of the picture if
that's more helpful. Got it. OK.
Yeah, that makes sense.}
{OK, so then besides complexing
you will also see some wordless
picture books.}
{Or graphic novels, and there
are a series of pictures that
tell us story. Again, describe
what you see and what is
happening as you go through the
story. It will be less than 30
pages, but at most 30 pages, and
you can take around 10 to 15
minutes to tell this story.}
{And you can take some time to
to look at it if you like, um,
before you start talking about
it. OK, so.}
{Yeah, when whenever you're
ready, you can start describing
what you see and what is
happening.}
OK.
#START_arrival-6 OK, I see a I
see a vase.
Looks like something's trying to
get in it. Then I see. Then I
see a man walking down steps
with an envelope with a mouse
next to him.
Then the man is talking to a.
{Right, so the way that the
pages are arranged, we scan
these pictures and one side of
the page. The other two pages
usually go from left to right.}
{Alright, so alright, so it goes
left to right. OK, yeah,
alright, alright.} So I see a
man talking to a woman with a
with a purse with a mouse.
Then the man is.
{Umm what I meant was this whole
left side is one page and the
whole one page.}
{And the books, so it can OK
little OK, cool. All right,
there. }There's a man writing.
Looks like he's writing a
letter.
Then he's making a paper bird.
And he has money. He's licking
an envelope.
Putting a stamp on the envelope
looks like he's mailing the
letter going to the mailbox.
Um.
He's looking up in the sky,
he's.
And then he's walking away.
OK.
Looks like a leaf.
Yeah, and then a flower.
Looks like a leaf turns into a
flower.
And then it
looks like it's turning into a
more of a flower.
OK, yes, yeah, yeah. It looks
like a leaf that is budding into
a flower.
OK.
OK.
I see buildings, tall building
in the back.
Smaller building up front with a
lot of little figures.
The next page I see.
Looks like a teepee.
Then there's.
A lot of vases. Pottery. {Sorry,
sorry.}
And then a smokestack looks like
a town.
The city.
Looks like a town of pottery.
OK. Yeah.
Then I see the the pot again the
vase.
And it looks like a bird.
Then I see a woman in a bed, a
man in a bedroom.
Looking at a picture.
Could be of his family.
Then I see the looks to be a
mouse. I'm not sure the animal.
Umm.
And the man is looking away from
the picture and the animal is
going down steps. The man is
going down steps.
Then it looks like the mouse
sees a letter.
Man opens up the letter and he
sees the paper bird. He's
reading it and he's smiling.
Now. He's looking out the
window.
And it looks like a paper.
Figure again.
Some dishes.
And the man's hat and his.
I guess a coat is hanging up.
Umm.
Then in the there's a bowl.
With something in it, I'm not
sure.
Then there's a picture of a
boat.
I'm not sure what these figures
are.
Then I see a coffee cup with a
newspaper underneath. Then I see
a man with his looks like to be
his wife and his daughter.
And then I see a hand with
somebody giving somebody money.
Umm, I'm assuming it's the
father giving the daughter.
Yeah, the father's giving
daughter money.
With the little animal down
below and the wife is there
smiling, looks like.
He's holding three up.
Looks like the daughter is
putting on her boots.
Along with the animal.
Is that a mouse? I guess it's a
it's something, yeah. Then it
looks like the daughter is
crying, but she's leaving with
the mouse.
Umm.
And they're going somewhere.
#END_arrival-6 And and the
little girl is putting her hand
up to a light.
{OK. That was the part of this
story and we're going to
continue to item 3. So this is
also a complex scene. Describe
what you see and what is
happening. Just roughly take
three or five minutes, 3 between
2, three to five minutes and
I'll check at that time.}
#START_make_a_splash All right.
It's looks like a water park.
It's a lot of people.
There's children going down, the
water slides.
They're going down.
On their backside, they're going
down frontwards.
there's an elephant.
That a boy is playing on the
elephant and everybody there's a
pool right below the elephant.
With a bunch of people and kids,
mostly kids, mostly children.
They're on rafts and water
tubes.
Um.
Everybody looks like they're
having a good time.
There's a boy with a water gun
shooting people in the pool.
Umm.
There's a lifeguard.
Just sitting there.
Then in the water park there's a
bigger slide with with children
going down it.
Umm.
Also in the background there's
they're in a pool with water,
water tubes, there's a boat.
There's a dragon.
Umm.
There's a man or a boy standing
up on something. Looks like he's
ready to fall over.
Diving off of platforms.
Umm.
Children to the right again
going down a slide.
There's a big frog in the
middle.
Uh.
Kids in life jackets.
There's a woman getting ready to
jump off the platform.
People standing around waiting
to go in the pool.
People sunbathing, it looks
like.
there's a Penguin.
Another Penguin.
That penguin's always in there,
huh?
I see
the number 8, it looks like.
Somebody's carrying eight.
Ohh yeah, down below big
elephant.
#END_make_a_splash Somebody's on
it. {I don't know if I said that
already.}
{Yeah, that's about it, I guess.
OK, cool.}
{And move on to the next item.
It is a part of a story, again a
graphic novel. So describe what
you see, what is happening as
you go through the story.}
#START_return Looks like there's
an opening introduction for my
parents.
Looks like a man is sitting at a
desk.
Drawing something or writing
something. He must be a maybe an
artist or an author.
Then there's a room.
Which steps in the background in
a mirror.
Umm.
And then down below looks like a
a basement or a furnace.
There's another room.
A bathroom.
Steps.
Looks like part of an apartment.
Umm.
Steps in a kitchen and then
there's a looks like a bedroom
with somebody drawing something
on a wall.
OK.
Man again is at his desk or
drawing board.
He has a kite.
Umm.
Then he leaves the kite.
And the next page is he's
looking at a.
Door. A smaller door with the
sunlight coming in.
Then it looks like he stepped
out out of a tree and he's in a
forest of lights.
Um.
Then there is a there's the
force of lights again, and
there's a it looks like there's
a red ball.
On a dock.
Man, picks up the ball. He's in
the forest and he sees that
looks like to be a.
A dragon boat.
then he's on the dock, and then
he gets on the dragon boat and
it looks like he's going
somewhere.
The man comes to a castle.
Or smaller city.
Up on a hill and he's looking
up.
Umm.
Looks he's on top of a bridge.
In a in a red vehicle looks like
a boat, probably up top on the
bridge.
OK at night time.
He gets off the.
Looks like to be he's getting
off. The man is getting off the
dragon boat.
And he
Sees three people that he looks
like he knows or he wants to
meet.
And it looks like a king.
And two children with crowns on.
And a chair that looks like to
be a throne.
{OK, OK. Did you describe the
right side already?}
With the with the man and it
looks like a.
A king with two children and
they're both wearing crowns and
it looks like there's a throne.
Looks like some looks like the
girl is ready to sit in the
throne.
OK.
Now the man is up on a.
Platform with the.
Queen or King and the two
children.
And they're looking at a figure.
Not sure what that figure is.
And then they're on a, they're
on the same platform.
And it looks like the king or
queen is holding up something.
And there seems to be people
coming up the steps after them,
and the little boy looked
startled.
OK.
And the girl and the boy. OK, so
it looks like now the king.
Is fighting off.
People coming up the steps.
And the man and the boy and the
girl are in the background. They
look scared.
And the king looks has a sword
out and he's fighting off the.
Whoever it is.
Guardsmen.
And it looks like they're taking
the king away. Looks like the
King lost this fight.
And they're taking them away,
OK?
The boy is drawing.
Something.
Umm.
The man and the girl in the
background, and there's somebody
chasing them and it looks like
he drew a fine horse, it looks
like with wings, and it looks
like they're they're they're
escaping.
OK.
They're flying away.
Away from the.
Castle.
And they look scared.
Yeah, OK.
Um.
Looks like the king.
Is with the people who captured
them, but the little boy,
there's a little boy.
Holding on to his arm.
And the man is with the girl
with the crown. He's holding on
to her. Looks like they're
falling.
And it looks like they fell into
the ocean.
Umm.
And yet.
They're drawing probably a boat
to to escape, that's what I'm
assuming.
OK. The man and the and the
girl. {OK. Yep. All right, go
ahead.}
Oh, it looks like.
They made it to the top and they
drew a submarine.
And they're moving along.
OK.
The submarine has risen from
underneath the water and it
looks like they're in a cave.
And they're looking at.
What appears to be pictures.
And then they're not.
Maybe they went under again.
They submerged.
In The Cave.
OK.
Umm.
The girl is pointing up, looking
at the pictures.
That were drawn.
Looks like the pictures told the
story.
And then there's.
The picture of The Cave with an
opening.
Yeah.
Looks like the man in the and
the girl or.
Moving along The Cave and then
they see some people, it looks
like the king in the background,
they're gonna draw some more.
I'm not sure what they're
drawing.
But it's something probably for
them to get out of there.
OK.
Um.
One of the men from the castle
is running towards what they
drew.
And it looks like the man and
the girl are watching to see
what he's doing.
Umm.
Looks like he's trapped. It's it
was a trap.
That the man from the castle has
gotten into that they draw that
they drew.
And it looks like the man is
getting ready to throw something
at him. As in the trap. Looks
like the trap worked.
Umm.
The man from the castle still in
the trap, but it looks like.
What the man had.
Blew up and it's.
All over The Cave.
And it looks like it's going to
take the king and the boy.
Up to somewhere.
It looks like they're going to
be safe and they're getting away
from.
The people from the castle.
It looks like.
They're they're looking at.
A bird that they were. I mean, I
guess it was a bird, or I
thought it was a horse with
wings. Looks like it took the
man away from the castle. He's
trapped and it looks like.
The man, the boy and a girl on
the king are very pleased.
Looks like the girl is hugging
the man.
And the king is with the boy.
They look like and they all look
like they're safe.
And there's the kite being
flown.
#END_return Everything seems to
be fine. There's no other people
in the picture. It's the picture
of the apartment that was
beginning of the of the story.
{OK, good. That was good. So
that was a story.}
{So how about let's take a 5
minute break. OK, so now I have
10:21. We can come back at
10:26. Yeah, that's fine. Cool.
That's OK. Great. Alright, I'm
just gonna stay on and if you
like, I have to run to the
bathroom. I don't know about
you, but OK. OK. Alright. Yuki,
I'll see you in 5 minutes. OK.
Thank you.}
{So next we have a complex
scene.}
{Please roughly take three and
between three and five minutes.
I'll keep track of the time to
describe what you see in the
picture. Again, you don't have
to go through the whole picture.
If it's more helpful, you can
focus on one small area at a
time.}
#START_ancient_rome OK, it looks
like a Colosseum.
With uh.
In ancient Rome.
With games going on.
People spectators are there.
There's lions.
Lions climbing up the wall. The
Colosseum.
And it looks like they're
attacking people, actually.
Umm.
lots of lions.
Tigers.
gladiators
Chariots with horses.
A man sitting in a.
Looks to be a.
A pool.
With the lion next to him.
Gladiator another gladiator
looks like he's ready to fight.
And there's people, and there
are gladiators that are fighting
against each other.
Um.
I see a lion.
On top of a man.
Uh.
Another chariot.
Looks to be some people are have
been killed.
Yeah.
Umm.
People climbing up the sides of
the Colosseum wall. I see the
Romans. Looks like the soldiers
are sitting pretty calmly.
Yes.
Yeah, it just looks like a bunch
of games and.
Fighting and killing.
What else do I see?
#END_ancient_rome Lots of
animals, mostly lions and
tigers, horses.
{Alright. Yeah. OK, that's about
it. Yeah. Yeah, cool.}
{And other fun Waldo picture,
OK.}
Um.
#START_unfriendly_giants Looks
like they're giants, and they're
smaller people. There's a chess
board. It looks like the Giants
are using people.
The plate, they're they're using
people as their chest.
There's a giant playing. Looks
like he's playing the flute.
Either that or he's using a
dart. A blow dart? Not sure,
yeah.
Um, little houses with people.
Looks like the Giants are
playing with them.
Then there's a giant giving a
woman flowers.
Another giant that's tipping his
hat to the little people.
Giant with a rope going around
the House of people. There's
another giant with people around
his waist.
The lady Giant waving high to
one of the male giants.
Another giant with.
With little people around his
waist.
They look friendly.
Then they look unfriendly. The
Giants do.
They look like they're bothering
the little people a lot.
And.
There's a windmill, another
giant up there, then there's a
smaller there's a giant when
Melvin, there's a smaller one in
the background, I guess for the
people.
Yeah, looks like giants that are
just taking over a little people
village.
OK, there's a taller giant that
looks like he's sweeping the
little people away.
Umm.
And there's a castle.
The Giants are surrounding the
castle, and there's little
people inside the castle right
on the outside.
#END_unfriendly_giants Looks
like they're trying to get in.
{Yeah, it's about it, all
right.}
{Alright, so moving on to the
next item.}
OK. Umm.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo Looks
like there's a giant rhino.
And people, some people are
scared. They're jumping away
from the rhino.
To get out of there, there's a
giraffe.
Pretty friendly giraffe. There's
another giraffe.
Looks like he's eating something
from from somebody.
From one of the people there,
there's a man in a plane.
There's a bird by the plane.
Flamingos.
Zebras.
Women, children, kids. A vendor.
Hot dog vendor. Ice cream
vendor. Typical day at the zoo.
Meerkats are hanging out it
looks like.
In a tree.
Monkeys.
And gorillas?
And the people are looking at
the animals. There's a shop
inside the zoo with a cafe.
Looks like there's a.
I guess it's a igloo with
Penguins. Maybe I don't see the
Penguins, but it's like an
igloo. Sorta. (Yeah, I see it}
in in water, right? {You see it,
right? Yeah, yeah.}
Looks like the majority of that
people are having a good time.
Yeah.
Some are scared by the animals,
yeah.
See a skateboard.
I'm trying to see the Penguins.
Looks like an igloo house for
the Penguins, but I don't. I
don't see the Penguins though.
Maybe they escaped. There's a
couple Eagles on top of the
cafe. There's an elephant in the
background.
Looks like he's shooting
something out of his trunk, or
it looks like a boy is giving
him peanuts.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo Yeah,
typical day at the zoo, yeah.
{OK, we can move on to the next
item.}
#START_being_a_pirate Oh, it's a
pirate scene.
{Ohh, today's talk like a pirate
day by the way.}
{But is it today's talk? Like a
pirate day? Ohh. Is it real?
Yeah.}
{My son went to Seton Hall, so
I'll have to tell him that. Oh
yeah.}
Yeah, there's a pirate ship 1 2
3.
Well, two big pirate ships.
Birds, uh.
People on little boats.
Pirates are in the boats. Looks
like people are in the boats.
Mostly pirates though with
pirate flags. Pirate Island with
a lot of people there.
They look like they're having a
good time. I don't see anybody
killing anybody.
Looks like they're firing.
Cannons or guns?
After one pirate ship, lot of
people in the picture.
Looks like a lot of pirates.
Yeah, a lot of people in boats,
pirates on the lookout, in the
lookout part of the of the boat.
Firing cannons on the other
boat.
Yeah, looks like a pirate fest.
People looks like people's. One
of the boats have turned over.
They look like.
The boats split in half. They
might be drowning.
Umm.
Looks like an octopus is in the
middle.
#END_being_a_pirate Yeah, OK
people diving off the boats
looks like a pirate takeover.
{Next, I guess we're continuing
with the ocean seat Ocean theme,
OK.}
Umm.
#START_deep_sea_divers Lot of
things going on underneath the
water.
It looks like a lot of fish
sharks.
Umm.
I think I see a mermaid.
Lot of lot of people underneath
the water. Then on top of the
water there's lots of boats,
people in boats, fishing, diving
off the boats, look looks like
one of the boats is sinking.
Umm.
Divers. Sea divers.
Uh.
Monsters.
Sea monsters. It looks like.
Yeah, mermaids.
Yeah, just a lot. A lot of
people underwater.
Yeah, I see a fish with a net. I
see sharks.
A lot of people underneath.
Some look like they're swimming,
some look like they're ready to
fight.
A lot of people are swimming. A
few people went overboard, it
looks like.
#END_deep_sea_divers Then
there's a shark around people.
Looks like he's ready to attack.
{Alright, so then the next item
is.}
#START_wild_west Wild wild west
scene there's a jail, there's a
hotel, the saloon.
A lot of people hanging out in
the the that are in jail.
There's a horse.
Looking at a picture of a wagon.
Um.
People at the hotel.
Looks like they're hanging out.
Really. They really don't seem
to be doing much.
Groups of Cowboys.
In the next page over.
They're at the saloon.
Man on the ladder, people. Below
him, there's a couple horses.
People look like they're
drinking. Looks like a frat
party if you ask me.
On top of the roof of the
saloon.
Yeah. Very, very busy. Just a
lot of people, yeah.
Congregating.
{Yeah, not too much about maybe
around here. Around where? I'm
sorry. Can you see the laser
pointer? Yes, yes, I do. OK.}
Yeah, it looks like it looks
like there's a band playing.
There's a man on a horse riding
off into the sunset. there are
two men that look like they're
ready to fight each other.
There's a group of people on top
of a platform, the man on a
ladder, which I mentioned
before.
Men in white coats. Could they
be doctors? I guess so, yeah.
Got a bunch of Cowboys that are
getting wild?
I see a train coming through.
In a wagon Stagecoach a
Stagecoach, I see a Stagecoach.
Umm, people holding up the
Stagecoach? Looks like there's
people inside the Stagecoach.
A bank, maybe the bank is
getting ready to get robbed.
Yeah.
#END_wild_west With all the
Cowboys and guns, yeah.
{So we can move on. Ohh, I guess
that's all that I've planned for
today. I do. Can we do one more
item before we leave?}
{Cool. So let me just check
which one we'll do. We'll do
this.}
{This will be the last one we do
today. It's a story.}
{Probably seem familiar, so you
can take a little bit to look at
the picture and whenever you're
ready you can start describe
what you see and what is
happening in this story, OK?}
#START_arrival-4 OK, looks like
a man waking up. He's getting
ready to to go somewhere. He's
shaving. He's getting dressed.
He has his money with him, he's
grabbing his hat and it. He has
directions. He has a map. He's
mapping out his his travel with
the mouse. He's traveling with
the mouse. It looks like it
looks like a a a a a town city
with teepees.
He's looking at his map with the
mouse and.
There's a bunch of people in
this city of teepees.
Looks like the mouse found
another animal.
Looks like a bird.
And the man is.
Talking to a
Woman looking at directions,
looking at a map, trying to find
something. The woman is helping
him.
On a phone.
She's pulling something and
something dropped down through a
tube.
And.
She gave the man.
A piece of paper it looks like
looks like a ticket.
Um, a bunch of people are
looking up in the sky at boats.
Um.
It's.
Then they're looking at a bigger
boat. It looks like the man is
on the move with the mouse and
it looks like the woman.
Um.
That looks like the man hands.
The.
Ticket to.
Another man who's dressed up.
I don't know if he's a.
A king or not?
OK.
Or some kind of. OK, so the man
now is with the mouse
And the woman
He's explaining something to her
with the and she has a bird, it
looks like, and on her lap.
Man's reaching in his pocket and
he pulls out a picture.
Of a woman.
Looks to be the woman.
The woman's daughter, possibly
that they're looking for.
Umm.
The girl in the picture is
reading a book and it looks like
a man.
Is attacking her.
Looks like she's being held
captive.
So apparently it looks like the
woman is looking for her
daughter. Her daughter has been
held captive, being held
hostage, and she's working.
In in coals in a furnace.
Being told what to do so she
being she's being held captive.
Looks like the girl is there's a
bunch of other prisoners now. It
looks like they all look
distraught. The woman, the the
the girl looks distraught.
She has a shovel. Looks like
she's trying to get out. Make an
escape.
Looks like she's escaping. She's
on a train and she's on her way
out of there.
OK.
There's a city.
With a boat.
And the woman has the cat on her
lap, and there's a man with a
horn with a.
Microphone.
Looks like the man is going on
the boat.
It looks like.
He's saying goodbye to the
woman.
And he's looking at a looks to
be.
Staring off into the city and it
looks like there's a giant
mouse.
I guess.
{OK. OK, cool. Thank you. So I
think that's all for this item.
Ohh, never mind.}
{Ohh OK the story still going on
OK.}
The man is walking with his
mouse with a bunch of people.
Looks like a.
Little City again.
There is a woman.
Looks like a ATM machine maybe?
I'm not sure.
there is an older man looking
at, looking at an animal
Man looking at a book.
With looks to be food.
The mouse is looking up at the.
Looks like to be a drawer. Looks
like he's gone inside the
drawer. The man's looking at a
book.
The mouse is in the drawer.
The man is looking for food.
Maybe for his animal.
And he's.
Sees a man grabbing something
for him.
#END_arrival-4 He has a, there's
a boy in the picture with a with
a basket, and the man has the
basket and talking to a man.
{Alright, OK, OK. So that's it
for today.}
{Thank you for. OK. Thank you,
Yuki.}
{I'm thinking if we could do
this.}